[ASP.NET Core] replace http.target with http.route (#3903)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AspNetCore/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * **Breaking change** The `http.target` in `http.server.duration` metric replaced
> with `http.route`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change** The `http.server.duration` metric's  `http.target` attribute is replaced
with `http.route` attribute.
```

Little rewording to make the description more explicit (and maybe clear).

## Unreleased

> * **Breaking change** `http.target` replaced with `http.route`

Reviewer 2: Would you describe this in detail here itself? 
For example, this is only applicable to metrics. And that this changes the metric named "http.duration", by renaming a dimension from x to y.

> ([#3897](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/3897))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
([#3903](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/3903))
```

Author: well then it should be /pull, not /issue

  `net.host.name` and `net.host.port` attributes will be populated instead.
  ([#3858](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/3858))

> * The `http.server.duration` metric's `http.target` attribute is replaced

Reviewer 2: **Breaking change**
